Updated aws-marketplace.md with links (#421)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/quick-start-guides/deploy-rancher-manager/aws-marketplace.md

description: Use Amazon EKS to deploy Rancher server.
---

> You can now quickly deploy Rancher server in AWS by using Amazon EKS. To learn more, see our [Amazon Marketplace listing](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-go7ent7goo5ae) or review the [Getting Started Guide] (https://documentation.suse.com/trd/kubernetes/single-html/gs_rancher_aws-marketplace/) in SUSE official docs, or watch the [Demo Video] (https://youtu.be/9dznJ7Ons0M) to be walked through the process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) can quickly deploy Rancher server to Amazon Web Services (AWS). To learn more, see our [Amazon Marketplace listing](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-go7ent7goo5ae). Instructions are available at [Deploy Rancher on Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)] (https://documentation.suse.com/trd/kubernetes/single-html/gs_rancher_aws-marketplace/). See a walkthrough of the process by watching the [demo] (https://youtu.be/9dznJ7Ons0M). 
```
